README.md, before:



  # Ecomerce back end

  []()   
  ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/license--green.svg)  

## Discription

  Its a back end orm that does CRUD operation using with associated data.
  ```md

Adding my database name, MySQL username, and MySQL password to an environment variable file
will connect to a database using Sequelize, and by using the schema and seed commands i can seed the db. After starting the server
you are able to use the GET routes using insomnia to get data in JSON file format and using POST, PUT and Delete routes in insomnia
you can successfully modify create , update and delete date in the database. 


```


# Table of contents

1. [Installation](#Installation)
2. [How to Use](#How-To-Use.)
3. [License](#License)
4. [Contributing Guidelines](#Contrubuting-Guidelines)  
5. [Tests](#Tests)
6. [Questions](#Questions)

# 1. Installation

  you will have to install mysql2 and sequilize  

# How To Use.

To install necessary dependencies, run the following command:
  Using insomnia you can create crud opration on the database. These CRUD operation can be done using ID, Catagory, and tag. 

# License

  ## This Project is licensed under  license.

  

# Contrubuting Guidelines

  none

# Tests

To run test, run the following comands :-  

   none


# Questions

  If you have any question please contact me using the following :-   
  Github :- https://github.com/Gedionadamu/E-Commerce-back-End   
  Email:- gedionadamu@gmail.com

Commit message:

updated read me to include start commands and demonstration video.

README.md, after:



  # Ecomerce back end

  []()   
  ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/license--green.svg)  

## Discription

  Its a back end orm that does CRUD operation using with associated data.
  ```md

Adding my database name, MySQL username, and MySQL password to an environment variable file
will connect to a database using Sequelize, and by using the schema and seed commands i can seed the db. After starting the server
you are able to use the GET routes using insomnia to get data in JSON file format and using POST, PUT and Delete routes in insomnia
you can successfully modify create , update and delete date in the database. 


```
Using insomnia you can create crud opration on the database. These CRUD operation can be done using ID, Catagory, and tag. 

# Table of contents

1. [Installation](#Installation)
2. [How to Use](#How-To-Use.)
3. [License](#License)
4. [Contributing Guidelines](#Contrubuting-Guidelines)  
5. [Tests](#Tests)
6. [Questions](#Questions)

# 1. Installation

  you will have to install mysql2 and sequilize  

# How To Use.

To install necessary dependencies, run the following command:

first you will need to create Mysql database called ecommerce_db.
Then you will have to run your seed by using the "npm run seed" and this will seed your database.
Then you Can start your server by using the "nom start" command to start your server. 
  
  Here blow is a demonstration of the app :
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6oU307lc2gs

# License

  ## This Project is licensed under  license.

  

# Contrubuting Guidelines

  none

# Tests

To run test, run the following comands :-  

   none


# Questions

  If you have any question please contact me using the following :-   
  Github :- https://github.com/Gedionadamu/E-Commerce-back-End   
  Email:- gedionadamu@gmail.com
